docs/readmes/menu.md, before:

## Usage

```jsx
import { Menu } from 'materialish';
import 'materialish/materialish.css';
```

# `Menu`

## Props

| Prop Name | Default Value | Required | Description                                                       |
| --------- | ------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className |               | No       | Additional class name(s) to add to the menu                       |
| ...rest   |               | No       | Other props are placed on the underlying `ul` element of the menu |

## CSS Variables

| Variable               | Default Value | Description                               |
| ---------------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| --mt-baseFontSize      | 1rem          | The size of text within the menu          |
| --mt-fontFamily        | 'Roboto'      | The font family to use for text           |
| --mt-menuItemMinHeight |               | The minimum allowed height for menu items |

# `Menu.Item`

## Props

| Prop Name | Default Value | Required | Description                                                                 |
| --------- | ------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className |               | No       | Additional class name(s) to add to the menu item                            |
| separator | false         | No       | Pass `true` to include a border-bottom to the menu item                     |
| selected  | false         | No       | Whether or not this menu item is currently selected                         |
| ripple    | true          | No       | Whether or not to display the "ripple" effect when the menu item is clicked |
| children  |               | No       | The contents to render within the menu item                                 |
| ...rest   |               | No       | Other props are placed on the root element of the menu item                 |

# `Menu.Separator`

## Props

| Prop Name | Default Value | Required | Description                                                      |
| --------- | ------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className |               | No       | Additional class name(s) to add to the menu separator            |
| ...rest   |               | No       | Other props are placed on the root element of the menu separator |

Commit message:

Adding button or anchor tags to the menu items

docs/readmes/menu.md, after:

## Usage

```jsx
import { Menu } from 'materialish';
import 'materialish/materialish.css';
```

# `Menu`

## Props

| Prop Name | Default Value | Required | Description                                                       |
| --------- | ------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className |               | No       | Additional class name(s) to add to the menu                       |
| ...rest   |               | No       | Other props are placed on the underlying `ul` element of the menu |

## CSS Variables

| Variable               | Default Value | Description                               |
| ---------------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| --mt-baseFontSize      | 1rem          | The size of text within the menu          |
| --mt-fontFamily        | 'Roboto'      | The font family to use for text           |
| --mt-menuItemMinHeight |               | The minimum allowed height for menu items |

# `Menu.Item`

## Props

| Prop Name | Default Value | Required | Description                                                                      |
| --------- | ------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className |               | No       | Additional class name(s) to add to the menu item                                 |
| separator | false         | No       | Pass `true` to include a border-bottom to the menu item                          |
| selected  | false         | No       | Whether or not this menu item is currently selected                              |
| href      |               | No       | Provide an `href` to make the `Menu.Item` a link, by default it will be a button |
| ripple    | true          | No       | Whether or not to display the "ripple" effect when the menu item is clicked      |
| children  |               | No       | The contents to render within the menu item                                      |
| ...rest   |               | No       | Other props are placed on the root element of the menu item                      |

# `Menu.Separator`

## Props

| Prop Name | Default Value | Required | Description                                                      |
| --------- | ------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className |               | No       | Additional class name(s) to add to the menu separator            |
| ...rest   |               | No       | Other props are placed on the root element of the menu separator |
